hello my name is DJ barely see and I
want to thank you for taking the time
out to view like DVD and also
considering on making DJ really see a
part of your special day so sit back
relax and enjoy this DVD on DJ Billy see
and I hope to see you at your next
special event have you entertainment for
this evening so if anybody else has any
kind of requests through any medications
come on up feel free to join it up on
the floor here right now but a true
celebration what's going on here right
now with the hell Melissa celebration
sick come on guys let's get going with
the celebration happening so if we can
hang the line started over here the mate
the matron of honor is going to start it
off and the best man it's gonna start it
off and then just we can embolize over
to this side over here over to the left
to these stores over
you don't mind the reality we are going
to slow down kick it in some country for
you have to put your shades on it was
quick major it on order melissa film
olga and forth like that man Bria
Hartley I
if everybody could please ride
and now is he a great honor and
privilege to bring
understand
it's going to say
hey
why
happy happy you
I was wrong but have a super fantastic
say so long everybody chocolate well
you